Add a few READMEs + linter script (#899)
awslabs/smithy-rs: rust-runtime/aws-smithy-json/README.md

# aws-smithy-json

> JSON serialization and deserialization primitives for Smithy-based services.

Reviewer: Suggesting
```suggestion
JSON serialization and deserialization primitives for smithy-rs generated services.
```
To reduce confusion with https://crates.io/crates/smithy

It looks like other readmes also say "Smithy-based"
